https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/data data
https://github.com/emberjs/data dev
https://github.com/binlist/data data
https://github.com/datasciencemasters/data data
https://github.com/PointCloudLibrary/data data
https://github.com/substance/data edu
https://github.com/aptnotes/data data
https://github.com/GSA/data data
https://github.com/GoogleTrends/data data
https://github.com/curran/data data
https://github.com/pytube/data data
https://github.com/jmankoff/data edu
https://github.com/pyvideo/data data
https://github.com/nationalparkservice/data data
https://github.com/vulndb/data uncertain
https://github.com/dgadiraju/data data
https://github.com/KoelnAPI/data data
https://github.com/atk4/data dev
https://github.com/colombia-dev/data data
https://github.com/mkly/Data uncertain
https://github.com/datasciencelabs/data data
https://github.com/SuperTux/data uncertain
https://github.com/JBZoo/Data dev
https://github.com/marindijm/data web
https://github.com/TaxFoundation/data data
https://github.com/ibartomeus/Data uncertain
https://github.com/braceio/data uncertain
https://github.com/webuildsg/data uncertain
https://github.com/mdn/data web
https://github.com/yutakikuchi/Data data
https://github.com/comex/data uncertain
https://github.com/paulnguyen/data dev
https://github.com/geezorg/data data
https://github.com/nreco/data dev
https://github.com/codeforseoul/data uncertain
https://github.com/stucco/data uncertain
https://github.com/Invertika/data data
https://github.com/OKFNat/data data
https://github.com/siongui/data uncertain
https://github.com/scitran/data uncertain
https://github.com/WashDems-Public/Data data
https://github.com/senegalouvert/data data
https://github.com/GameSaveInfo/Data data
https://github.com/the-frack-lab/data data
https://github.com/liberland/data data
https://github.com/mli/data data
https://github.com/One-Platform/data uncertain
https://github.com/inexor-game/data data
https://github.com/xmlcalendar/data uncertain
https://github.com/CityofReno/Data data
https://github.com/HackathonHackers/data data
https://github.com/filebot/data uncertain
https://github.com/mean-naro/data uncertain
https://github.com/jtleek/datasharing uncertain
https://github.com/harvardsports/data data
https://github.com/ZewoGraveyard/Data uncertain
https://github.com/opentibia-xx/data data
https://github.com/joomla-framework/data uncertain
https://github.com/jbenet/data dev
https://github.com/ongithub/data data
https://github.com/Hirato/data data
https://github.com/SinaAApay/data uncertain
https://github.com/phpmyadmin/data data
https://github.com/racket/data uncertain
https://github.com/frankfurt-gestalten/data data
https://github.com/CodeForPortland/data data
https://github.com/najomi/data uncertain
https://github.com/mailhog/data dev
https://github.com/yields/data uncertain
https://github.com/brandonwamboldt/data data
https://github.com/AragornTech/data data
https://github.com/asa-datathon/data data
https://github.com/HACKtivateED/Data uncertain
https://github.com/hydrobase/data dev
https://github.com/TeamOfKennyTung/Data uncertain
https://github.com/nomisma/data data
https://github.com/nodee-apps/data dev
https://github.com/Freelander/Android_Data uncertain
https://github.com/DataTables/DataTables dev
https://github.com/UCSCNanopore/Data data
https://github.com/shazow/data data
https://github.com/histograph/data dev
https://github.com/iamxiatian/data data
https://github.com/DIVERSIFY-project/data data
https://github.com/Upward-Spiral-Science/data data
https://github.com/rdpeng/ExData_Plotting1 edu
https://github.com/alibaba/DataX uncertain
https://github.com/Respect/Data dev
https://github.com/cloud-native-java/data dev
https://github.com/clean/data dev
https://github.com/TheOregonian/data uncertain
https://github.com/colah/data dev
https://github.com/open-source-society/data-science edu
https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table dev
https://github.com/markmarkoh/datamaps uncertain
https://github.com/WebPlatformTest/Data data
https://github.com/jtleek/dataanalysis edu
https://github.com/isitchristmas/data data
https://github.com/DanBrooker/Data dev
https://github.com/markrendle/Simple.Data dev
https://github.com/donnemartin/data-science-ipython-notebooks docs
https://github.com/linkedin/databus dev
https://github.com/trendct/data data
https://github.com/dzenbot/DZNEmptyDataSet dev
https://github.com/GSA/data.gov dev
https://github.com/foxykeep/DataDroid dev
https://github.com/illuminate/database dev
https://github.com/tonsky/datascript dev
https://github.com/pudo/dataset dev
https://github.com/bitly/data_hacks dev
https://github.com/iloveponies/structured-data uncertain
https://github.com/TBEDP/datavjs uncertain
https://github.com/open-peaks/data data
https://github.com/seed-factory-project/data uncertain
https://github.com/codingdojo-hackathon/Data dev
https://github.com/rapid7/data data
https://github.com/plushogskolan/data edu
https://github.com/veekaybee/data dev
https://github.com/mhaidarh/data uncertain
https://github.com/pduchesne/data data
https://github.com/rootsin/Data uncertain
https://github.com/doselect/data data
https://github.com/opesci/data data
https://github.com/lnfaber/Data uncertain
https://github.com/Fixxup/data data
https://github.com/eturino/Data dev
https://github.com/d3noob/data data
https://github.com/boradin/data dev
https://github.com/segelgruppe/data data
https://github.com/bioboxes/data data
https://github.com/EliFUT/data data
https://github.com/bobo15850/DATA dev
https://github.com/ipslist/data uncertain
https://github.com/rdpeng/RepData_PeerAssessment1 uncertain
https://github.com/datawrapper/datawrapper dev
https://github.com/openimages/dataset data
https://github.com/lgreski/datasciencectacontent edu
https://github.com/joelgrus/data-science-from-scratch edu
https://github.com/hadley/tidy-data uncertain
https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/database dev
https://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Data dev
https://github.com/doctrine/data-fixtures dev
https://github.com/nborwankar/LearnDataScience edu
https://github.com/heroku/databasedotcom dev
https://github.com/js-data/js-data dev
https://github.com/linkedin/datafu dev
https://github.com/deepmind/rc-data data
https://github.com/ddeboer/data-import dev
https://github.com/yoonkh2000/data data
https://github.com/blacklotusproject/data data
https://github.com/GlobalQuran/data dev
https://github.com/facebook/fixed-data-table dev
https://github.com/rushter/data-science-blogs uncertain
https://github.com/wakerman/data uncertain
https://github.com/rotorbench/data data
https://github.com/EmergencyNumberAPI/data data
https://github.com/kriasoft/data dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-examples docs
https://github.com/misoproject/dataset dev
https://github.com/Chumper/Datatable uncertain
https://github.com/thejameskyle/itsy-bitsy-data-structures uncertain
https://github.com/form-data/form-data dev
https://github.com/shancarter/mr-data-converter dev
https://github.com/ujjwalkarn/DataSciencePython edu
https://github.com/upgoingstar/datasploit dev
https://github.com/iamcal/emoji-data data
https://github.com/DataScienceSpecialization/DataScienceSpecialization.github.io edu
https://github.com/infoactive/data-design web
https://github.com/Flowerowl/Big_Data_Resources uncertain
https://github.com/facebook/dataloader dev
https://github.com/ryanfowler/SwiftData dev
https://github.com/LyndonChin/MasteringAndroidDataBinding edu
https://github.com/ClickSecurity/data_hacking uncertain
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-book uncertain
https://github.com/daniel-nagy/md-data-table dev
https://github.com/cs109/2014_data data
https://github.com/bogdan/datagrid dev
https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-jpa dev
https://github.com/linyiqun/DataMiningAlgorithm uncertain
https://github.com/chaconnewu/free-data-science-books edu
https://github.com/jonathan-bower/DataScienceResources edu
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-mongodb dev
https://github.com/mumuy/data_location data
https://github.com/cakephp/datasources dev
https://github.com/kohana/database dev
https://github.com/googledatalab/datalab docs
https://github.com/yanhaijing/data.js uncertain
https://github.com/jokecamp/FootballData data
https://github.com/decodeurs/data web
https://github.com/appscode/data data
https://github.com/stopfrisknyc/data data
https://github.com/joshbegley/data data
https://github.com/cmstar/Data uncertain
https://github.com/hrpunio/Data data
https://github.com/opengrt/data dev
https://github.com/hcharts/data data
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-elasticsearch dev
https://github.com/Quartz/bad-data-guide edu
https://github.com/eaigner/DataKit dev
https://github.com/sux13/DataScienceSpCourseNotes edu
https://github.com/gboeing/data-visualization dev
https://github.com/objcio/core-data edu
https://github.com/vlandham/js_data dev
https://github.com/bokeh/datashader dev
https://github.com/bigbinary/admin_data dev
https://github.com/pkainulainen/spring-data-jpa-examples other
https://github.com/forcedotcom/dataloader dev
https://github.com/jakevdp/PythonDataScienceHandbook uncertain
https://github.com/FINRAOS/DataGenerator dev
https://github.com/markitondemand/DataApis dev
https://github.com/streamsets/datacollector dev
https://github.com/theofpa/datascience uncertain
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-redis dev
https://github.com/ChristianKienle/Core-Data-Editor dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-rest dev
https://github.com/toddwschneider/nyc-taxi-data data
https://github.com/ExcelDataReader/ExcelDataReader dev
https://github.com/jackiekazil/data-wrangling uncertain
https://github.com/OpenBookPrices/country-data data
https://github.com/Fruzenshtein/spr-data dev
https://github.com/rhiever/datacleaner dev
https://github.com/nltk/nltk_data uncertain
https://github.com/mintster/spring-data dev
https://github.com/docker/datakit dev
https://github.com/mmorey/MDMCoreData dev
https://github.com/igorman/data-engineering docs
https://github.com/jimenbian/DataMining dev
https://github.com/ujjwalkarn/DataScienceR edu
https://github.com/beamandrew/medical-data data
https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse dev
https://github.com/ilyakatz/data-migrate dev
https://github.com/mahmoudparsian/data-algorithms-book edu
https://github.com/dataproofer/Dataproofer dev
https://github.com/fiveruns/data_fabric dev
https://github.com/urbanairship/datacube dev
https://github.com/oreillymedia/doing_data_science data
https://github.com/lastfm/musicbrainz-data dev
https://github.com/AugustRush/ARCoreData dev
https://github.com/project-imas/encrypted-core-data dev
https://github.com/rasbt/datacollect dev
https://github.com/ccuez/datasciencecoursera uncertain
https://github.com/herrfz/dataanalysis edu
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-keyvalue-examples dev
https://github.com/RolandPheasant/DynamicData dev
https://github.com/clojure/data.json dev
https://github.com/stwe/DatatablesBundle dev
https://github.com/garu/Data-Printer uncertain
https://github.com/eliangcs/pystock-data data
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-commons dev
https://github.com/ipython-books/cookbook-data data
https://github.com/pentaho/data-access dev
https://github.com/awslabs/aws-big-data-blog other
https://github.com/rasberries/data dev
https://github.com/sfstoolbox/data data
https://github.com/uFindiT/data dev
https://github.com/paul999/data other
https://github.com/redlego/data data
https://github.com/DCCouncil/data data
https://github.com/libcantonese/data other
https://github.com/fkanlab/data data
https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/data data
https://github.com/benjamin-chan/GettingAndCleaningData edu
https://github.com/classicdb/database dev
https://github.com/zipfian/data-science-primer edu
https://github.com/nlpwp/data data
https://github.com/edamame-course/data dev
https://github.com/salamonv/data other
https://github.com/ISO-8601/data other
https://github.com/Snarl/Data data
https://github.com/geneura-papers/data data
https://github.com/LemonPi/data dev
https://github.com/laurelandwolf/data other
https://github.com/datamachines/data data
https://github.com/hmcRobotLab/data data
https://github.com/ngacharts/data other
https://github.com/terere55/data other
https://github.com/chikoski/data data
https://github.com/cwBerkeley/data other
https://github.com/jgalilee/data dev
https://github.com/dragonmark/data dev
https://github.com/project-bitmark/data data
https://github.com/jiangxincode/data other
https://github.com/d3cn/data data
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-neo4j dev
https://github.com/igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering other
https://github.com/JuliaStats/DataFrames.jl dev
https://github.com/n8barr/automotive-model-year-data data
https://github.com/bulutyazilim/awesome-datascience edu
https://github.com/vega/datalib dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-solr dev
https://github.com/coursera/dataduct dev
https://github.com/samayo/country-data data
https://github.com/project-open-data/project-open-data.github.io other
https://github.com/dataiap/dataiap edu
https://github.com/DrSkippy/Data-Science-45min-Intros edu
https://github.com/animus-project/threat_data data
https://github.com/udacity/data-analyst data
https://github.com/nette/database dev
https://github.com/brownbaglunch/bblfr_data other
https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/guns-data data
https://github.com/StanfordHCI/datavore dev
https://github.com/MikeStall/DataTable dev
https://github.com/linkedin/RocketData dev
https://github.com/autotelik/datashift dev
https://github.com/datacleaner/DataCleaner dev
https://github.com/sunitparekh/data-anonymization dev
https://github.com/clojure/data.xml dev
https://github.com/VoiDGlitch/WarframeData data
https://github.com/ericfischer/datamaps dev
https://github.com/okfn/dataexplorer dev
https://github.com/DataDog/datadogpy dev
https://github.com/swimlane/angular2-data-table dev
https://github.com/ublaboo/datagrid dev
https://github.com/js-data/js-data-angular dev
https://github.com/scttnlsn/data.io dev
https://github.com/unruledboy/DatabaseStack dev
https://github.com/Alecrim/AlecrimCoreData dev
https://github.com/ekzhu/datasketch dev
https://github.com/ben519/DataWrangling edu
https://github.com/neilmj/BasketballData data
https://github.com/folktale/data.task dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-cassandra dev
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/DataflowJavaSDK dev
https://github.com/drivendata/cookiecutter-data-science edu
https://github.com/iamisti/mdDataTable dev
https://github.com/buptdavid/datastructure other
https://github.com/nothirst/TICoreDataSync dev
https://github.com/rhiever/Data-Analysis-and-Machine-Learning-Projects edu
https://github.com/dgeb/ember_data_example dev
https://github.com/swimlane/angular-data-table dev
https://github.com/pentaho/big-data-plugin dev
https://github.com/voxmedia/data-projects data
https://github.com/preciousforever/sketch-data-populator dev
https://github.com/mangoszero/database dev
https://github.com/will/datascope dev
https://github.com/gumption/Python_for_Data_Science edu
https://github.com/offensive-security/exploit-database data
https://github.com/yhat/DataGotham2013 edu
https://github.com/chrisclark/PythonForDataScience edu
https://github.com/aspnet/DataProtection dev
https://github.com/rjurney/Agile_Data_Code edu
https://github.com/radzio/android-data-binding-recyclerview dev
https://github.com/yfl8910/DataPie dev
https://github.com/lewagon/data-kit other
https://github.com/BinRoot/Haskell-Data-Analysis-Cookbook edu
https://github.com/seamusabshere/data_miner dev
https://github.com/Cronus-Emulator/CronusDATA data
https://github.com/Big-Data-Manning/big-data-code dev
https://github.com/meemoo/dataflow dev
https://github.com/fredwu/datamappify dev
https://github.com/facebookarchive/IGInterfaceDataTable dev
https://github.com/aloctavodia/Doing_bayesian_data_analysis edu
https://github.com/yinhm/datafeed dev
https://github.com/jadianes/data-science-your-way edu
https://github.com/zwqjsj0404/BigData docs
https://github.com/blazegraph/database dev
https://github.com/hadley/data-movies dev
https://github.com/jmstanto/data-science-r edu
https://github.com/chenglou/data-structures dev
https://github.com/datacratic/data-projector dev
https://github.com/gboeing/urban-data-science edu
https://github.com/ali-ce/datasets data
https://github.com/rchodava/datamill dev
https://github.com/cambridgegis/cambridgegis_data data
https://github.com/shogun-toolbox/shogun-data data
https://github.com/blaze/datashape dev
https://github.com/AllenDowney/DataScience edu
https://github.com/tomharris/random_data dev
https://github.com/netyouli/WHC_DataModelFactory other
https://github.com/18F/open-data-maker dev
https://github.com/EasyD/IntroToDataScience edu
https://github.com/grails/grails-data-mapping dev
https://github.com/cornelius/inqlude-data data
https://github.com/whosonfirst-data/whosonfirst-data data
https://github.com/cloudaice/simple-data other
https://github.com/opendns/dataviz dev
https://github.com/RxSwiftCommunity/RxDataSources dev
https://github.com/caesar0301/awesome-public-datasets data
https://github.com/washingtonpost/data-police-shootings data
https://github.com/pemiluAPI/pemilu-data data
https://github.com/spring-projects/grails-data-mapping dev
https://github.com/TBC-DB/Database dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-document-examples other
https://github.com/alloy/MotionData other
https://github.com/elidickinson/php-export-data dev
https://github.com/carlosrocha/react-data-components dev
https://github.com/acmeism/RosettaCodeData other
https://github.com/danielspaniel/ember-data-factory-guy dev
https://github.com/DataScienceToolbox/data-science-toolbox edu
https://github.com/nurkiewicz/spring-data-jdbc-repository dev
https://github.com/Deathmax/bravefrontier_data data
https://github.com/jDataView/jDataView dev
https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-databind dev
https://github.com/BuzzFeedNews/zika-data data
https://github.com/gangtao/dataplay2 dev
https://github.com/trecloux/spring-data-jpa-examples other
https://github.com/DatabaseCleaner/database_cleaner dev
https://github.com/bignerdranch/CoreDataStack dev
https://github.com/clojure/data.csv data
https://github.com/ttrelle/spring-data-examples other
https://github.com/components/ember-data dev
https://github.com/nathanford/data-href dev
https://github.com/zotero/dataserver dev
https://github.com/rajeshsubramanian/datasciencecoursera edu
https://github.com/california-civic-data-coalition/django-calaccess-raw-data dev
https://github.com/srkirkland/DataAnnotationsExtensions dev
https://github.com/dongweiming/data-analysis other
https://github.com/DaveBackus/Data_Bootcamp edu
https://github.com/yepher/CoreDataUtility dev
https://github.com/pure-data/pure-data other
https://github.com/clarkgrubb/data-tools dev
https://github.com/hmason/datastorytelling edu
https://github.com/BBC-News-Labs/datastringer dev
https://github.com/Azure/Azure-DataFactory other
https://github.com/algorithmica-repository/datascience edu
https://github.com/mmc-maodun/Data-Structure-And-Algorithm other
https://github.com/notpeter/crunchbase-data data
https://github.com/coding-jam/databinding other
https://github.com/yapstudios/YapDatabase dev
https://github.com/Workiva/go-datastructures other
https://github.com/SyncDB/DATAStack dev
https://github.com/deeplearning4j/DataVec dev
https://github.com/gophertown/gophertown-data data
https://github.com/datahuborg/datahub dev
https://github.com/DataTables/DataTablesSrc other
https://github.com/mattt/rack-core-data dev
https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQCoreDataKit dev
https://github.com/alignedleft/data-vis-d3 edu
https://github.com/sevenweeks/databases edu
https://github.com/awslabs/data-pipeline-samples dev
https://github.com/aspnet/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite dev
https://github.com/briandalessandro/DataScienceCourse edu
https://github.com/lytics/ember-data-model-fragments dev
https://github.com/ckan/datapusher dev
https://github.com/yindeng/shinyData dev
https://github.com/fjolnir/DatabaseKit dev
https://github.com/TelerikAcademy/Databases edu
https://github.com/e14n/databank dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-couchbase dev
https://github.com/lukemurray/data-atom dev
https://github.com/HighwayFramework/Highway.Data dev
https://github.com/okfn/dataconverters dev
https://github.com/salebab/database dev
https://github.com/jxieeducation/DIY-Data-Science edu
https://github.com/btroia/basis-data-export dev
https://github.com/cmpolis/datacomb dev
https://github.com/Azure/Azure-MachineLearning-DataScience other
https://github.com/thestorefront/DataCollection.js dev
https://github.com/infochimps-labs/big_data_for_chimps edu
https://github.com/USGS-R/dataRetrieval dev
https://github.com/Sefaria/Sefaria-Data dev
https://github.com/jperla/sentiment-data data
https://github.com/azavea/Open-Data-Catalog dev
https://github.com/vkiryukhin/pretty-data other
https://github.com/unicode-table/unicode-table-data data
https://github.com/schneems/ruby_javascript_data_viz dev
https://github.com/ifad/data-confirm-modal dev
https://github.com/jeroenjanssens/data-science-at-the-command-line edu
https://github.com/JuliaLang/DataStructures.jl dev
https://github.com/michaellavelle/spring-data-dynamodb dev
https://github.com/jgauffin/Griffin.Data dev
https://github.com/zhichaoluo/DataAnalysis edu
https://github.com/turingschool/data_structures_and_algorithms dev
https://github.com/l-lin/angular-datatables dev
https://github.com/folktale/data.maybe dev
https://github.com/twocucao/DataScience other
https://github.com/nextras/datagrid dev
https://github.com/Yelp/dataset-examples data
https://github.com/Maxime2/dataparksearch dev
https://github.com/datacamp/datacamp dev
https://github.com/hadley/data-baby-names data
https://github.com/TransparencyToolkit/ICWATCH-Data other
https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.DataExplorer dev
https://github.com/aimacode/aima-data data
https://github.com/yajra/laravel-datatables dev
https://github.com/amazeui/datatables dev
https://github.com/andygibson/datafactory dev
https://github.com/BIDS/datarray dev
https://github.com/data-8/datascience dev
https://github.com/aiwilliams/dataset dev
https://github.com/plotly/datasets data
https://github.com/google/cluster-data other
https://github.com/spring-guides/gs-accessing-data-jpa other
https://github.com/projectcypress/health-data-standards other
https://github.com/ashdavies/data-binding dev
https://github.com/QuantumFractal/Data-Structure-Zoo edu
https://github.com/orientechnologies/spring-data-orientdb dev
https://github.com/camenergydatalab/EnergyDataSimulationChallenge edu
https://github.com/ianozsvald/data_science_delivered docs
https://github.com/MicrosoftLearning/Analyzing-Visualizing-Data-Excel edu
https://github.com/uwescience/datasci_course_materials edu
https://github.com/magento/magento2-sample-data data
https://github.com/rentzsch/mogenerator other
https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/Data-Pipeline dev
https://github.com/EE/DataExporter dev
https://github.com/themanaworld/tmwa-server-data data
https://github.com/ka8725/migration_data dev
https://github.com/themanaworld/tmwa-client-data data
https://github.com/grnadav/databind dev
https://github.com/carnby/datagramas dev
https://github.com/chrisdaly/Data-Scientist-MOOC edu
https://github.com/zepernick/Codeigniter-DataTables dev
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-data-envers dev
https://github.com/jeffdupont/bootstrap-data-table dev
https://github.com/MyanmarAPI/dataset data
https://github.com/code42day/dataset other
https://github.com/iamaziz/PyDataset dev
https://github.com/kaizhang/dataset data
https://github.com/amaboura/panama-papers-dataset-2016 data
https://github.com/brmson/dataset-sts dev
https://github.com/cwfid/dataset data
https://github.com/uWaterloo/Datasets data
https://github.com/hopelessoptimism/datasets data
https://github.com/twitter/torch-dataset dev
https://github.com/rkadlec/ubuntu-ranking-dataset-creator dev
https://github.com/radioML/dataset data
https://github.com/edinburghcouncil/datasets data
https://github.com/suriyadeepan/datasets data
https://github.com/twigkit/worldfactbook-dataset data
https://github.com/ucd-spatial/Datasets data
https://github.com/gtoderici/sports-1m-dataset data
https://github.com/karthikncode/nlp-datasets data
https://github.com/livedoor/datasets other
https://github.com/forcedotcom/Analytics-Cloud-Dataset-Utils dev
https://github.com/jdorfman/awesome-json-datasets data
https://github.com/NuCivic/dkan_dataset dev
https://github.com/Jakobovski/free-spoken-digit-dataset data
https://github.com/zenkay/bigdata-ecosystem data
https://github.com/andrewvc/ee-datasets data
https://github.com/decebals/dataset dev
https://github.com/craffel/midi-dataset dev
https://github.com/YihangLou/fast-rcnn-train-another-dataset other
https://github.com/gyglim/video2gif_dataset data
https://github.com/ansymo/msr2013-bug_dataset data
https://github.com/ImagingInformatics/hackathon-dataset data
https://github.com/timmolter/Datasets dev
https://github.com/CPLN690-MUSA610/datasets data
https://github.com/tum-vision/mono_dataset_code dev
https://github.com/AgilData/spark-rdd-dataframe-dataset other
https://github.com/oceanobservatories/mi-dataset other
https://github.com/ymcui/Chinese-RC-Dataset data
https://github.com/ahua/dataset other
https://github.com/shimizu/dataSet data
https://github.com/massvis/dataset data
https://github.com/tuor713/dataset dev
https://github.com/mikinw/DataSet dev
https://github.com/mikeizbicki/datasets data
https://github.com/stedy/Machine-Learning-with-R-datasets data
https://github.com/rosejn/torch-datasets data
https://github.com/gunnarmorling/scriptable-dataset other
https://github.com/llSourcell/visualize_dataset_demo edu
https://github.com/commaai/research other
https://github.com/mongodb-js/dataset-generator other
https://github.com/SCST-CS510-Fall2015/datasets data
https://github.com/pyp22/datasets data
https://github.com/MAECProject/datasets data
https://github.com/OpenAMEE/datasets data
https://github.com/mitmul/caltech-pedestrian-dataset-converter dev
https://github.com/guyz/twitter-sentiment-dataset data
https://github.com/oceanobservatories/dataset-spring dev
https://github.com/chrisalbon/war_of_the_five_kings_dataset data
https://github.com/renatopp/arff-datasets data
https://github.com/osdf/datasets other
https://github.com/jjmontesl/cubesviewer dev
https://github.com/ericmjonas/circuitdata data
https://github.com/jmay/dataset dev
https://github.com/ageitgey/all-podcasts-dataset data
https://github.com/amueller/datasets data
https://github.com/PraiseSong/dataset dev
https://github.com/potree/potree dev
https://github.com/AidData-WM/public_datasets data
https://github.com/hughperkins/kgsgo-dataset-preprocessor other
https://github.com/vincentarelbundock/Rdatasets data
https://github.com/quankiquanki/skytrax-reviews-dataset data
https://github.com/cs109/cs109_data data
https://github.com/mapbox/rasterio dev
https://github.com/LouisFoucard/DepthMap_dataset dev
https://github.com/aldeed/meteor-tabular dev
https://github.com/DariaAlekseeva/Enron_Dataset other
https://github.com/opendatamx/datasetsagosto2012 data
https://github.com/linanqiu/reddit-dataset data
https://github.com/yhlleo/imageBinaryDataset other
https://github.com/chicagoruby/Windy-City-DB-Dataset data
https://github.com/socialsensor/twitter-dataset-collector other
https://github.com/ccc-digital-channels/datasets data
https://github.com/brmson/dataset-factoid-webquestions data
https://github.com/datanesia/government-dataset data
https://github.com/marcphilipp/dbunit-datasetbuilder dev
https://github.com/knowitall/yelp-dataset-challenge other
https://github.com/openstate/datasets data
https://github.com/vega/vega-datasets data
https://github.com/WhiteHouse/choropleth_dataset dev
https://github.com/fititnt/gis-dataset-brasil other
https://github.com/openactive/dataset-site-generator web
https://github.com/trustedanalytics/dataset-reader-sample dev
https://github.com/mattcasters/pentaho-pdi-dataset dev
https://github.com/wsdream/wsdream-dataset data
https://github.com/ethz-asl/dataset_tools dev
https://github.com/ryanpitts/journalists-guide-datasets edu
