https://github.com/tonymorris/course edu
https://github.com/CSC-DevOps/Course edu
https://github.com/teachbsd/course edu
https://github.com/dgpdec/course edu
https://github.com/Baeldung/course edu
https://github.com/berkeley-cs186/course edu
https://github.com/EasyDarwin/Course edu
https://github.com/itweet/course edu
https://github.com/CSC-510/Course edu
https://github.com/ml6973/Course edu
https://github.com/CSC-326/Course edu
https://github.com/micrum/course edu
https://github.com/mapschool/course edu
https://github.com/boniface/course edu
https://github.com/DataScienceSpecialization/courses edu
https://github.com/park-python/course edu
https://github.com/alonho/course edu
https://github.com/openxyz/course other
https://github.com/softEcon/course edu
https://github.com/pitosalas/course edu
https://github.com/mesdt/course other
https://github.com/uwescience/datasci_course_materials edu
https://github.com/kesenhoo/android-training-course-in-chinese edu
https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course4 edu
https://github.com/localsnake/course edu
https://github.com/dreamsxin/course other
https://github.com/EricSimons/ionic-course edu
https://github.com/mausv/Course edu
https://github.com/openhomeautomation/course edu
https://github.com/saasbook/courseware edu
https://github.com/aporter/coursera-android edu
https://github.com/prakhar1989/awesome-courses edu
https://github.com/elm-city-craftworks/course-001 edu
https://github.com/plough/course edu
https://github.com/swirldev/swirl_courses edu
https://github.com/sux13/DataScienceSpCourseNotes edu
https://github.com/fbkarsdorp/python-course edu
https://github.com/dyweb/course edu
https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course5 edu
https://github.com/warmheartli/ChatBotCourse edu
https://github.com/netjungle/courseplay other
https://github.com/coursera-dl/coursera-dl dev
https://github.com/kaleko/CourseraML hw
https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course1-module2 edu
https://github.com/MastersAcademy/js-course edu
https://github.com/msr-ds3/coursework edu
https://github.com/warmheartli/FullStackDeveloperCourse edu
https://github.com/open-nsm/course edu
https://github.com/uit-inf-3203/Course edu
https://github.com/PENGZhaoqing/CourseSelect edu
https://github.com/epfml/ML_course edu
https://github.com/zhouxc/Stanford-Machine-Learning-Course edu
https://github.com/paramaggarwal/course edu
https://github.com/pynxton/course edu
https://github.com/tjaskula/Coursera hw
https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course1-module1 edu
https://github.com/straybirddawn/Course other
https://github.com/KrasimirRaikov/Course hw
https://github.com/chyyuu/os_course_spoc_exercises edu
https://github.com/chyyuu/os_course_info edu
https://github.com/esokolov/ml-course-msu edu
https://github.com/krambertech/react-essential-course hw
https://github.com/swcarpentry/training-course other
https://github.com/ledeprogram/courses edu
https://github.com/asu-cis-capstone/course-info edu
https://github.com/angular-university/courses edu
https://github.com/byorgey/haskell-course edu
https://github.com/warmheartli/MachineLearningCourse edu
https://github.com/rangle/ngCourse2 edu
https://github.com/tayiorbeii/egghead.io_redux_course_notes edu
https://github.com/samardzicnenad/Coursera hw
https://github.com/learnbyexample/scripting_course edu
https://github.com/mikeckennedy/python-jumpstart-course-demos edu
https://github.com/bcaffo/Caffo-Coursera hw
https://github.com/berkeley-cs186/course-sp15 edu
https://github.com/ddtm/dl-course hw
https://github.com/ppizarro/coursera hw
https://github.com/p2pu/course-in-a-box dev
https://github.com/Courseography/courseography dev
https://github.com/briandalessandro/DataScienceCourse edu
https://github.com/MIDS-scaling-up/coursework edu
https://github.com/makersquare/ruby-course hw
https://github.com/jdleesmiller/latex-course edu
https://github.com/royguo/CourseraDownloader dev
https://github.com/ericdouglas/courses hw
https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course1-module3 edu
https://github.com/paceuniversity/courses docs
https://github.com/hmods/course edu
https://github.com/perl6/course other
https://github.com/WSU-323-Spring2015/Course hw
https://github.com/hughsk/course dev
https://github.com/Haobaoshui/course dev
https://github.com/CourseTeam/Course dev
https://github.com/codeschool/EmberCourseDemo hw
https://github.com/makersquare/js-course hw
https://github.com/words-sdsc/coursera edu
https://github.com/dmotitsk/coursera dev
https://github.com/hackman/linux-sysadmin-course edu
https://github.com/mosh-hamedani/angular2-course hw
https://github.com/Developer-Y/cs-video-courses edu
https://github.com/JING-TIME/ustc-course dev
https://github.com/cbahlai/OSRR_course edu
https://github.com/rellermeyer/course_os hw
https://github.com/biofisio32/Coursera hw
https://github.com/rhyndo/webdesign-course hw
https://github.com/peterarsentev/course_test other
https://github.com/christi3k/coursework hw
